hey Kevin day two my guitar told mom and
dad you have such a vagina okay enough
young man we talked about the bullying
of your older brother that's right a lot
of boys who are born with vaginas it's
very hard for them what why we don't
make fun of someone just cuz they're a
little different from us I don't have a
vagina the point is your mom and I would
love you even if you were completely
blank down there guys I have exciting
news we're driving to Walley world what
that no offense but I'd like to explore
the real America like Jack Kerouac or
the Merry Pranksters don't say weird
oh I'm here to answer any questions
you might have
what's a country of origin
I don't know um America can I hear in a
sentence what's a rim job dad oh I would
guess a rim job is when you kiss someone
with your mouth closed that's it so
you're only using the rim of your mouth
hope you're not too old to let your dad
give you a goodnight rim job Debbie
do-anything go play I heard that you
stuck a finger in the game's it's not
important what I stuck my finger in
what's important is that you guys are
idolizing very bad behavior here
I had it feeling she was all hi excuse
me girl I didn't mean it like that I
just mean year-old before I don't like
it mom do you think uncle's total let me
ride his horse I don't see why not do
you think I get your guns no you cannot
and I would have shot you right off that
horse
[Music]
my family are you were the Griswolds if
piece of ass vacation rated-r start to
July 29th